add `nil_to_zero` YACE config (#5194)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/prometheus.exporter.cloudwatch.md

Follow [this guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/viewing_metrics_with_cloudwatch.html)
on how to explore metrics, to easily pick the ones you need.

| Name          | Type           | Description                                                        | Default                                                                                                             | Required |
| ------------- | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `name`        | `string`       | Metric name.                                                       |                                                                                                                     | yes      |

> | `statistics`  | `list(string)` | List of statistics to scrape. Ex: `"Minimum"`, `"Maximum"`, etc.   |                                                                                                                     | yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `statistics`  | `list(string)` | List of statistics to scrape. For example, `"Minimum"`, `"Maximum"`, etc.   |                                                                                                                     | yes      |
```

Author: @clayton-cornell I'm fine committing this, but I didn't actually change this text. I had to reformat because the table columns needed to get bigger to support the new row that I added.

Reviewer: @berler That's fine. It's just some general cleanup we can do in the doc content - I try to catch these (the e.g. or Ex) when I spot them.
